# ContextKit


<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

## Usage

### Installation

Install latest from the GitHub \[repository\]\[repo\]:

- Clone the repo
- `pip install -e`

### Using

To get context from an LLM, use one of the helper functions to pull it.

If a function pulls a single context snippit it will return the text, if
it return multiple it will return a dictionary.

``` python
import ContextKit.core as ck
```

#### 1 item ex (Nbclassic)

``` python
nbclassic_server_docs = ck.nbclassic_server()
```

Read \$`nbclassic_server_docs` and give me a short summary of what is in
it. End with ‘Loaded into Context’ in a new paragraph

The nbclassic_server_docs contain information about the Jupyter
NbClassic package, which implements the classic Jupyter Notebook 6 as a
Jupyter Server extension. It covers installation, configuration, usage
options, development details, and the timeline for supporting nbclassic
during the transition to Jupyter Notebook 7. The document also mentions
the compatibility issues between Notebook 6 and 7, and the need for
nbclassic to support users during this transition period.

Loaded into Context

#### Fastcore (multiple, but only want 1)

``` python
ck.fastcore().keys()
```

    dict_keys(['llms', 'llms-ctx', 'llms-ctx-full'])

``` python
fc_ctx = ck.fastcore()['llms-ctx-full']
```

Read \$`fc_ctx` and give me a short summary of what is in it. End with
‘Loaded into Context’ in a new paragraph

The fc_ctx contains comprehensive documentation for the fastcore
library, which is part of the fast.ai ecosystem. It includes detailed
explanations and examples for various modules such as basics,
foundation, dispatch, meta, parallel, script, xtras, and more. The
documentation covers utility functions, classes, decorators, and tools
for tasks like type dispatch, attribute delegation, metaprogramming,
parallel processing, CLI creation, and XML generation. It also includes
information on testing utilities and extensions to Python’s standard
library.

Loaded into Context

#### Discord (multiple and want multiple)

``` python
discord = AttrDict(ck.discord())
discord.keys()
```

    dict_keys(['app', 'oauth', 'user', 'interact'])

``` python
discord.app[:200]
```

    '# Discord Application Commands\n\nApplication commands are native ways to interact with apps in the Discord client. There are 3 types of commands accessible in different interfaces: the chat input, a me'

``` python
user, oauth = discord.user, discord.oauth
```

Explain the difference between what’s in \$`user` vs \$`oauth`

The `user` variable contains information about developing a
user-installable Discord app, including details on setting up the
project, creating commands, handling interactions, and using metadata.

The `oauth` variable contains information about Discord’s OAuth2
implementation, including different authorization flows, scopes, token
handling, and API endpoints related to OAuth2 authentication.
